.TH MAGNIFY_PANE 1 "2026-02-21" "QRFS" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
magnify_pane_v3.py \- create a local pan/zoom HTML magnifier for QRFS artifacts (SVG or PNG) with auto-fit and zoom boost.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B py -u magnify_pane_v3.py
.I --in ARTIFACT.(svg|png) --out DIR
[\fB--name\fR BASE] [\fB--auto-fit\fR | \fB--no-auto-fit\fR] [\fB--boost\fR N]
[\fB--init-scale\fR S] [\fB--render-png\fR] [\fB--png-width\fR PX]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Copies an SVG/PNG slide artifact into an output directory and generates a self-contained HTML viewer that supports smooth zoom (mouse wheel / buttons) and pan (click-drag). Version 3 adds auto-fit-on-load so physically sized nanometer-scale SVGs become visible immediately on a normal screen.
.SH AUTO-FIT AND BOOST
When auto-fit is enabled (default), the viewer scales the image to fit the current browser window and centers it. Use \fB--boost\fR to multiply that fit scale so the view starts "zoomed in" (useful for 2×2 panes). If auto-fit is disabled, \fB--init-scale\fR is used instead.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --in PATH
Input artifact file (SVG or PNG).
.TP
.B --out DIR
Output directory for the copied asset and generated viewer HTML.
.TP
.B --name BASE
Optional base name for outputs (extension optional).
.TP
.B --auto-fit
Auto-fit the image to the window on load (default: enabled).
.TP
.B --no-auto-fit
Disable auto-fit; use --init-scale instead.
.TP
.B --boost N
Multiply the auto-fit scale by N (default: 1.0). Try 4–10 for 2×2 panes.
.TP
.B --init-scale S
Initial scale if --no-auto-fit (default: 2.0).
.TP
.B --render-png
If input is SVG, also render a large PNG using cairosvg (optional).
.TP
.B --png-width PX
Rendered PNG width if --render-png (default: 8192).
.SH OUTPUT
Writes the following into --out:
.IP \[bu] 2
<base>.svg or <base>.png (copied)
.IP \[bu] 2
<base>_viewer.html (pan/zoom viewer)
.IP \[bu] 2
(optional) <base>_render.png (if --render-png and cairosvg available)
.SH EXAMPLES
.nf
# View a 2×2 pane (recommended)
py -u magnify_pane_v3.py --in .\\panes\\slide_00001_2x2_00000001.svg --out .\\view --boost 6

# View a full slide (you will still need to zoom; panes are better)
py -u magnify_pane_v3.py --in .\\slide\\slide_00001.svg --out .\\view

# Render SVG to PNG for faster browser display (requires cairosvg)
py -u magnify_pane_v3.py --in pane.svg --out view --render-png --png-width 4096
.fi
.SH NOTES
Whole slides are designed for lithography writers and machine decode. For human inspection, use slice_slide_2x2_v3.py to create 2×2 panes and magnify those.
.SH SEE ALSO
slice_slide_2x2_v3.py(1), create_slide_qrfs_v3.py(1), rebuild_from_slide_v3.py(1)
