.TH QRFS_CLI_ECC_LMH 1 "2026-02-21" "QRFS" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
qrfs_cli_ecc_lmh.py \- encode files/directories into QRFS bundles using QR version 40 with selectable ECC.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B py -u qrfs_cli_ecc_lmh.py
.I --src PATH --out PATH
[\fB--block-size\fR N] [\fB--threads\fR N] [\fB--ecc\fR {L|M|H}] [\fB--version\fR 40]
[\fB--hex-mode\fR {derived|inline}] [\fB--box-size\fR N] [\fB--border\fR N]
[\fB--png-compress-level\fR 0..9] [\fB--no-parity] [\fB--no-fit-fallback]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Creates a QRFS bundle directory for each input file (ending with .qrfs). Bundles contain header QR codes, a sequence of data block QR codes, optional parity QR codes, and footer markers. Each data block payload contains identifiers, ordering metadata, an embedded SHA-256 for the block, and the block bytes.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --src PATH
Input file or directory to ingest (directories are walked recursively).
.TP
.B --out PATH
Output directory. Source tree structure is mirrored under this directory.
.TP
.B --block-size N
Data block size in bytes (default: 1024).
.TP
.B --threads N
Concurrent files to process (default: 8).
.TP
.B --ecc, --ecc-mode, --ecc-level {L|M|H}
QR error correction level (default: H).
.TP
.B --version N
QR version (default: 40).
.TP
.B --hex-mode {derived|inline}
How payload bytes are represented. Use derived/raw when maximizing capacity; inline hex reduces effective capacity.
.TP
.B --log-level LEVEL
Log level (DEBUG, INFO, WARNING, ERROR). Default: DEBUG.
.TP
.B --box-size N
Pixel size per QR module when rendering PNGs (default: 3).
.TP
.B --border N
Quiet zone border in modules (default: 4).
.TP
.B --png-compress-level N
PNG zlib compression level 0..9 (default: 4).
.TP
.B --no-parity
Disable parity QR generation.
.TP
.B --no-fit-fallback
Disable fallback resizing if a payload does not fit the selected version/ECC.
.SH OUTPUT
For each file, a directory named <filename>.qrfs is created containing:
.IP \[bu] 2
header_main.qr, header_stat.qr
.IP \[bu] 2
block_000000.qr ... block_NNNNNN.qr
.IP \[bu] 2
(optional) parity_stripe_XXXXXX_pY.qr
.IP \[bu] 2
(optional) footer QR markers
.SH EXAMPLES
.nf
py -u qrfs_cli_ecc_lmh.py --src Z:\\data\\photos --out Z:\\qrfs_out --block-size 1024 --ecc H --hex-mode derived
py -u qrfs_cli_ecc_lmh.py --src ./input --out ./qrfs_out --ecc L --no-parity
.fi
.SH NOTES
On Windows, QR PNG generation typically requires Pillow. Install with: pip install pillow (or qrcode[pil]).
.SH EXIT STATUS
0 on success; non-zero on failure.
.SH SEE ALSO
create_slide_qrfs_v3.py(1), slice_slide_2x2_v2.py(1), rebuild_from_slide_v3.py(1)
